README.md, before:

## 👋 Hi
- With more than 8 years of professional experience I have expertise in deploying AI Models for Large Scale VMS Products providing real-time analytics and deployed over Server, Cloud and Edge
- Thanks to my previous working on SQL Optimzer with proprietary contribution in Tree Parsing, Backpropagation and Tree Optimization Algorithm I precieve Neural Network functioning as different Tree Algorithms
- 🤠 I had lot of fun and learning while working intensively on Neural Network model parsing, converting to various frameworks, creating optimized files, implementing optimized network definition
- 💦 Last few years gave me an opportunity to contribute in every stage of AI-pipeline from data-collection to AI model deployment and creating products and libraries around AI models
- 🧠 Few hrs of week I spend in experimenting with new NN Architecture, playing with Optimiser Algorithm, trying different training strategies.
- 🧩 Currently I am actively working on extracting unique features from SSD without having additonal training
- 👷 I am open to contributing in AI it may be designing neural networks, formulating training strategies or writing new products for AI or with AI
- 📫 You can reach me on: ckhire91@gmail.com  

<table>
<tr><td>devchait.github.io</td>
<td>
<b>Expertise:</b><br><br>
  &bull;  Effective Problem Solving <br>
      &bull;  Leading developers to extract there best <br>
      &bull;  Architecting the VMS Product suite with real-time Analytics <br>
      &bull;  Researching and selecting efficient tools for creating faster cost-effective AI/ML solutions<br>
      &bull;  Designing Frameworks from scratch to leading them to full-fledge working suite<br>
      &bull;  Selecting and formulating easy to contribute framework giving rise to automatic creation of new Products and automating existing workflows without explicit requirement for automation <br>
      &bull;  Graph parsing algorithm, Tree Optimization Algorithm, Backtracking learning Algorithm <br>
      &bull;  Working with PyTorch deep learning framework for design and implementation of CNN's for image recognition, 
classification, retrieval problems <br>
      &bull;  Deploying NN models to highly optimized IE's including NVIDIA TensorRT, Intel Openvino, TFlite and Android NDK's <br>
      &bull;  Optimizing end-to-end inference pipeline, Desigining new inferencing strategies for having larger throughput
  </td>
  </tr>
</table>


---

### :writing_hand: Articles : 

☄️🥇 [AI developement evolution & AI/NN End-to-end Pipeline.](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/reserch-phs.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Resposnible for design & implementation of ML workflow pipeline using DVC+Git.](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/sim_ml_pipe.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Multi-Faceted Inference Benchmark Framework](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/vms-prototype.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Issue with Kalman and Deep Sort Tracking](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/trck-issues.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Simple Memory Efficient Adaptive Frame rate Tracker](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/pr-tracker.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Custom Yolo Kernel for Faster Object Tracking](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/yolo-object-tracking.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Illusion of same operations on different neural network framework causing chaos](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/filling-the-gaps.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Good Design Patterns and coding Practices leading to automatic formation of large AI ecosystem suite](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/ai-ecosystem.md) <br>

### 🛠️ Skills :

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![Pytorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white)
![Tensorrt](https://img.shields.io/badge/NVIDIA-76B900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=NVIDIA&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=C++&logoColor=white)
![Weights&Biases](https://img.shields.io/badge/Weights_&_Biases-FFBE00?style=for-the-badge&logo=WeightsAndBiases&logoColor=white)
![DVC](https://img.shields.io/badge/DVC-945DD6?style=for-the-badge&logo=dataversioncontrol&logoColor=white)
![Groovy](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20Groovy-4298B8?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachegroovy&logoColor=white)
![Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Kafka-231F20?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-kafka&logoColor=white)
![Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Spark-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachespark&logoColor=#E35A16)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-2C2D72?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio&logoColor=white)
![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMake-064F8C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cmake&logoColor=white)
![GithubActions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)
![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/rabbitmq-%23FF6600.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)
![PostgresSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-0052CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jira&logoColor=white)


---

### :fire: My Stats :

[![GitHub Streak](http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=ckhire&theme=dark&background=000000)](https://git.io/streak-stats) 
![Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=ckhire) <br>
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=devchait)](https://github.com/ckhire/github-readme-stats)<br>
![Profile Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2F{ckhire}1212%2Fhit-counter)

Commit message:

Updated with pre-processing metrics README.md

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hi
- With more than 8 years of professional experience I have expertise in deploying AI Models for Large Scale VMS Products providing real-time analytics and deployed over Server, Cloud and Edge
- Thanks to my previous working on SQL Optimzer with proprietary contribution in Tree Parsing, Backpropagation and Tree Optimization Algorithm I precieve Neural Network functioning as different Tree Algorithms
- 🤠 I had lot of fun and learning while working intensively on Neural Network model parsing, converting to various frameworks, creating optimized files, implementing optimized network definition
- 💦 Last few years gave me an opportunity to contribute in every stage of AI-pipeline from data-collection to AI model deployment and creating products and libraries around AI models
- 🧠 Few hrs of week I spend in experimenting with new NN Architecture, playing with Optimiser Algorithm, trying different training strategies.
- 🧩 Currently I am actively working on extracting unique features from SSD without having additonal training
- 👷 I am open to contributing in AI it may be designing neural networks, formulating training strategies or writing new products for AI or with AI
- 📫 You can reach me on: ckhire91@gmail.com  

<table>
<tr><td>devchait.github.io</td>
<td>
<b>Expertise:</b><br><br>
  &bull;  Effective Problem Solving <br>
      &bull;  Leading developers to extract there best <br>
      &bull;  Architecting the VMS Product suite with real-time Analytics <br>
      &bull;  Researching and selecting efficient tools for creating faster cost-effective AI/ML solutions<br>
      &bull;  Designing Frameworks from scratch to leading them to full-fledge working suite<br>
      &bull;  Selecting and formulating easy to contribute framework giving rise to automatic creation of new Products and automating existing workflows without explicit requirement for automation <br>
      &bull;  Graph parsing algorithm, Tree Optimization Algorithm, Backtracking learning Algorithm <br>
      &bull;  Working with PyTorch deep learning framework for design and implementation of CNN's for image recognition, 
classification, retrieval problems <br>
      &bull;  Deploying NN models to highly optimized IE's including NVIDIA TensorRT, Intel Openvino, TFlite and Android NDK's <br>
      &bull;  Optimizing end-to-end inference pipeline, Desigining new inferencing strategies for having larger throughput
  </td>
  </tr>
</table>


---

### :writing_hand: Articles : 

☄️🥇 [AI developement evolution & AI/NN End-to-end Pipeline.](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/reserch-phs.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Resposnible for design & implementation of ML workflow pipeline using DVC+Git.](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/sim_ml_pipe.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Multi-Faceted Inference Benchmark Framework](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/vms-prototype.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Channel Improvement the impact of cuda base pre-processing](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/pre_pro_yolo_cu.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Issue with Kalman and Deep Sort Tracking](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/trck-issues.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Simple Memory Efficient Adaptive Frame rate Tracker](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/pr-tracker.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Custom Yolo Kernel for Faster Object Tracking](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/yolo-object-tracking.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Illusion of same operations on different neural network framework causing chaos](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/filling-the-gaps.md) <br>
☄️🥇 [Good Design Patterns and coding Practices leading to automatic formation of large AI ecosystem suite](https://github.com/ckhire/ckhire/docs/ai-ecosystem.md) <br>

### 🛠️ Skills :

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![Pytorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white)
![Tensorrt](https://img.shields.io/badge/NVIDIA-76B900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=NVIDIA&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=C++&logoColor=white)
![Weights&Biases](https://img.shields.io/badge/Weights_&_Biases-FFBE00?style=for-the-badge&logo=WeightsAndBiases&logoColor=white)
![DVC](https://img.shields.io/badge/DVC-945DD6?style=for-the-badge&logo=dataversioncontrol&logoColor=white)
![Groovy](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20Groovy-4298B8?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachegroovy&logoColor=white)
![Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Kafka-231F20?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-kafka&logoColor=white)
![Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Spark-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachespark&logoColor=#E35A16)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-2C2D72?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio&logoColor=white)
![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMake-064F8C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cmake&logoColor=white)
![GithubActions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)
![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/rabbitmq-%23FF6600.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)
![PostgresSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-0052CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jira&logoColor=white)


---

### :fire: My Stats :

[![GitHub Streak](http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=ckhire&theme=dark&background=000000)](https://git.io/streak-stats) 
![Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=ckhire) <br>
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=devchait)](https://github.com/ckhire/github-readme-stats)<br>
![Profile Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2F{ckhire}1212%2Fhit-counter)
